notifications: Channel wildcard notification setting overrides muting. (#38372)
zulip/zulip: starlight_help/src/content/docs/dm-mention-alert-notifications.mdx

separately from personal @-mentions.

<ZulipTip>
  These mentions don't trigger notifications in muted topics, unlike
  personal mentions. In muted channels, they are suppressed by default,
  but you can override this by enabling wildcard mention notifications

>   for a specific channel in your [Channel settings](/help/channel-notifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but you can override this by [enabling](/help/channel-notifications#configure-notifications-for-a-single-channel) wildcard mention notifications in the specific channels where you'd like to receive them.
```

Author: Done
